.. index:: Visible Lightpath

.. _Visible_Light_Imaging:

Visible Light Imaging
=====================

All ROCK IMAGER models feature a visible light camera that is used to
take brightfield images of crystallization plates. The type of camera
and capabilities offered depend on the ROCK IMAGER model you have. The
advanced model includes continuous 12x motorized zoom option with a 5
megapixel, 2/3" color Charge-Coupled Device (CCD) camera capable of
capturing high-quality images at up to 25 frames per second. The basic
Single Light Path (SLP) model uses a single optical pathway that can be
used for both visible and UV imaging and includes a monochrome (black
and white) camera capable of capturing high-quality images at up to 15
frames per second with fixed or compound zoom objectives.

Camera and optics settings can be manipulated through the :ref:`Plate_Setup_Menu`,
the `manual imaging controls <Optics_and_Camera_Control_Panel.html>`__,
or via the "Imaging Setting" settings, which are defined in ROCK MAKER.
Imaging Setting settings will override any settings configured on the
ROCK IMAGER side, so if you're trying to improve your images, your best
bet is to find settings you like in manual mode and then apply these
settings to all future imaging settings in ROCK MAKER.

**Advanced Visible Light Imager Features**

-  High Resolution Optics with 12x Motorized Zoom

-  Köhler Illumination with Motorized Aperture

-  Motorized Polarizer

High Resolution Optics with 12x Motorized Zoom
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The motorized zoom allows you to use ROCK IMAGER as a microscope to
manually explore your plates or automate imaging at a precise level of
detail. The microscope can resolve features down to 0.98 microns, while
the high numerical aperture objective provides sharp, high-contrast
images.

.. thumbnail:: Images/12x.png
    :alt: High Resolution Optics with 12x Motorized Zoom
    :width: 500
    :title: High Resolution Optics with 12x Motorized Zoom
    :align: center

.. centered::   *High Resolution Optics with 12x Motorized Zoom*

.. thumbnail:: Images/Zoomexample.png
    :alt: 12x Variable Zoom
    :align: center
    :width: 500
    :title: 12x Variable Zoom

.. centered::    *12x Variable Zoom*

Köhler Illumination with Motorized Aperture
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ROCK IMAGER uses the same light source as compound microscopes. With
Köhler illumination, lenses are used to focus the light on the sample.
The motorized aperture in the light path can bend the light from a cone
to a column and vice versa for automated contrast adjustment.

A cone of light will produce images with the least shadowing, while a
column of light produces images with the highest contrast.

.. thumbnail:: Images/Kohler.png
    :alt: Köhler Illumination with Motorized Aperture
    :width: 500
    :align: center
    :title: Köhler Illumination with Motorized Aperture

.. centered::    *Köhler Illumination with Motorized Aperture*

Motorized Polarizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To help identify crystals, ROCK IMAGER has a motorized rotating
polarizer and a fixed polarizer. The polarizers are 95% efficient and
transmit light of 30% at 400-700 nm.

.. thumbnail:: Images/polarizer1.png
    :alt: Cross-Polarization Example 1
    :align: center
    :width: 500
    :title: Cross-Polarization Example 1

.. centered::   *Cross-Polarization Example 1*

.. thumbnail:: Images/polarizer2.png
    :alt: Cross-Polarization Example 2
    :align: center
    :width: 500
    :title: Cross-Polarization Example 2

.. centered::   *Cross-Polarization Example 2*

|

Related Topics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  :ref:`Optics_and_Camera_Control_Panel`
-  :ref:`Well_Control_Panel`
-  :ref:`Viewing_a_Plate`
